USCIS  
Form I-9 
OMB No. 1615-0047 
Expires 08/31/2019
 Employment Eligibility Verification 
Department of Homeland Security  
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Form I-9  11/14/2016 N  Page 1 of 3
►START HERE: Read instructions carefully before completing this form. The instructions must be available, either in paper or electronically, 
during completion of this form. Employers are liable for errors in the completion of this form.
ANTI-DISCRIMINATION NOTICE: It is illegal to discriminate against work-authorized individuals. Employers CANNOT specify which 
document(s) an employee may present to establish employment authorization and identity. The refusal to hire or continue to employ 
an individual because the documentation presented has a future expiration date may also constitute illegal discrimination.
Section 1. Employee Information and Attestation (Employees must complete and sign Section 1 of Form I-9 no later 
than the first day of employment, but not before accepting a job offer.)
Last Name (Family Name)First Name (Given Name)Middle InitialOther Last Names Used (if any)
Address (Street Number and Name)Apt. NumberCity or TownStateZIP Code
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)U.S. Social Security Number
--
 Employee's E-mail AddressEmployee's Telephone Number
I am aware that federal law provides for imprisonment and/or fines for false statements or use of false documents in 
connection with the completion of this form.
I attest, under penalty of perjury, that I am (check one of the following boxes):
1. A citizen of the United States
2. A noncitizen national of the United States (See instructions)
3. A lawful permanent resident
4. An alien authorized to work    until 
(See instructions)
(expiration date, if applicable, mm/dd/yyyy):
(Alien Registration Number/USCIS Number):
Some aliens may write "N/A" in the expiration date field.
Aliens authorized to work must provide only one of the following document numbers to complete Form I-9:  
An Alien Registration Number/USCIS Number OR Form I-94 Admission Number OR Foreign Passport Number.
1. Alien Registration Number/USCIS Number:
2. Form I-94 Admission Number:
3. Foreign Passport Number:
Country of Issuance:
OR
OR
QR Code - Section 1   Do Not Write In This Space
Signature of EmployeeToday's Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Preparer and/or Translator Certification (check one):     
      I did not use a preparer or translator. A preparer(s) and/or translator(s) assisted the employee in completing Section 1.
(Fields below must be completed and signed when preparers and/or translators assist an employee in completing Section 1.)
I attest, under penalty of perjury, that I have assisted in the completion of Section 1 of this form and that to the best of my 
knowledge the information is true and correct.
Signature of Preparer or TranslatorToday's Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Last Name (Family Name)First Name (Given Name)
Address (Street Number and Name)City or TownStateZIP Code
Employer Completes Next Page
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
Form I-9  11/14/2016 N  Page 2 of 3
USCIS  
Form I-9 
OMB No. 1615-0047 
Expires 08/31/2019
 Employment Eligibility Verification 
Department of Homeland Security  
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Section 2. Employer or Authorized Representative Review and Verification 
(Employers or their authorized representative must complete and sign Section 2 within 3 business days of the employee's first day of employment. You 
must physically examine one document from List A OR a combination of one document from List B and one document from List C as listed on the "Lists 
of Acceptable Documents.")
Last Name (Family Name)M.I.First Name (Given Name)Employee Info from Section 1Citizenship/Immigration Status
List A
Identity and Employment AuthorizationIdentityEmployment Authorization
OR                             List B                            AND                                 List C
Additional InformationQR Code - Sections 2 & 3 Do Not Write In This Space
Document Title
Issuing Authority
Document Number
Expiration Date (if any)(mm/dd/yyyy)
Document Title
Issuing Authority
Document Number
Expiration Date (if any)(mm/dd/yyyy)
Document Title
Issuing Authority
Document Number
Expiration Date (if any)(mm/dd/yyyy)
Document Title
Issuing Authority
Document Number
Expiration Date (if any)(mm/dd/yyyy)
Document Title
Issuing Authority
Document Number
Expiration Date (if any)(mm/dd/yyyy)
Certification: I attest, under penalty of perjury, that (1) I have examined the document(s) presented by the above-named employee, 
(2) the above-listed document(s) appear to be genuine and to relate to the employee named, and (3) to the best of my knowledge the 
employee is authorized to work in the United States. 
The employee's first day of employment (mm/dd/yyyy): (See instructions for exemptions)
Signature of Employer or Authorized RepresentativeToday's Date(mm/dd/yyyy)Title of Employer or Authorized Representative
Last Name of Employer or Authorized RepresentativeFirst Name of Employer or Authorized RepresentativeEmployer's Business or Organization Name
Employer's Business or Organization Address (Street Number and Name)City or TownStateZIP Code
Section 3. Reverification and Rehires (To be completed and signed by employer or authorized representative.)
A. New Name (if applicable)
Last Name (Family Name)First Name (Given Name)Middle Initial
B. Date of Rehire (if applicable)
Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Document TitleDocument NumberExpiration Date (if any)  (mm/dd/yyyy)
C. If the employee's previous grant of employment authorization has expired, provide the information for the document or receipt that establishes 
continuing employment authorization in the space provided below.
I attest, under penalty of perjury, that to the best of my knowledge, this employee is authorized to work in the United States, and if 
the employee presented document(s), the document(s) I have examined appear to be genuine and to relate to the individual. 
Signature of Employer or Authorized RepresentativeToday's Date (mm/dd/yyyy)Name of Employer or Authorized Representative
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
LISTS OF ACCEPTABLE DOCUMENTS
All documents must be UNEXPIRED
Employees may present one selection from List A  
or a combination of one selection from List B and one selection from List C.
LIST A
2.   Permanent Resident Card or Alien 
Registration Receipt Card (Form I-551)
1.   U.S. Passport or U.S. Passport Card
3.   Foreign passport that contains a 
temporary I-551 stamp or temporary 
I-551 printed notation on a machine-
readable immigrant visa
4.   Employment Authorization Document 
that contains a photograph (Form 
I-766) 
5.   For a nonimmigrant alien authorized  
to work for a specific employer 
because of his or her status:
Documents that Establish 
Both Identity and 
Employment Authorization
6.   Passport from the Federated States of 
Micronesia (FSM) or the Republic of 
the Marshall Islands (RMI) with Form 
I-94 or Form I-94A indicating 
nonimmigrant admission under the 
Compact of Free Association Between 
the United States and the FSM or RMI
b. Form I-94 or Form I-94A that has  
the following:
(1) The same name as the passport; 
and
(2) An endorsement of the alien's 
nonimmigrant status as long as 
that period of endorsement has 
not yet expired and the 
proposed employment is not in 
conflict with any restrictions or 
limitations identified on the form.
a. Foreign passport; and
For persons under age 18 who are 
unable to present a document 
listed above:   
1.   Driver's license or ID card issued by a 
State or outlying possession of the 
United States provided it contains a 
photograph or information such as 
name, date of birth, gender, height, eye 
color, and address
9.   Driver's license issued by a Canadian 
government authority
3.   School ID card with a photograph
6.   Military dependent's ID card
7.   U.S. Coast Guard Merchant Mariner 
Card
8.   Native American tribal document
10.   School record or report card
11.   Clinic, doctor, or hospital record
12.   Day-care or nursery school record
2.   ID card issued by federal, state or local 
government agencies or entities, 
provided it contains a photograph or 
information such as name, date of birth, 
gender, height, eye color, and address
4.   Voter's registration card
5.   U.S. Military card or draft record
Documents that Establish  
Identity 
LIST B
OR                                                                   AND
LIST C
8.   Employment authorization 
document issued by the 
Department of Homeland Security
1.   A Social Security Account Number 
card, unless the card includes one of 
the following restrictions:
2.   Certification of Birth Abroad issued 
by the Department of State (Form 
FS-545)
3.   Certification of Report of Birth 
issued by the Department of State 
(Form DS-1350)
4.   Original or certified copy of birth   
      certificate issued by a State,  
      county, municipal authority, or  
      territory of the United States  
      bearing an official seal
5.   Native American tribal document
7.   Identification Card for Use of 
Resident Citizen in the United 
States (Form I-179)
Documents that Establish  
Employment Authorization
6.   U.S. Citizen ID Card (Form I-197)
(2)  VALID FOR WORK ONLY WITH 
INS AUTHORIZATION
(3)  VALID FOR WORK ONLY WITH 
DHS AUTHORIZATION
(1)  NOT VALID FOR EMPLOYMENT
Page 3 of 3Form I-9  11/14/2016 N
Examples of many of these documents appear in Part 8 of the Handbook for Employers (M-274).
Refer to the instructions for more information about acceptable receipts.
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
